Update garbage-collection.md (#25413)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/garbage-collection.md

{{< note >}}
Cross-namespace owner references are disallowed by design. This means:

> 1) Namespace-scoped dependents can only specify the same namespace owners 
> or cluster-scoped owners.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
1. Namespace-scoped dependents can specify a cluster-scoped object as an
   owner.
1. Namespace-scoped dependents can specify a namespaced-scoped object
   as an owner, so long as both the owner and dependent are in the same
   namespace.
1. Objects can have multiple `ownerReferences`, of either sort.
```
